README.md, before:

# Fishing Charter Demo

![alt text](https://media2.giphy.com/media/qxatFjrUlx3H2/giphy.gif?cid=ecf05e47ydx8ad064oi4695t0pkzjycuyk16qbrfooee90xz&rid=giphy.gif&ct=g)

Technologies Used: React, Next, MongoDB, Express, GAv4, AWS

# Rules of The Road

Below You will Find the Rules of the Road

## Making a Branch


Clone this repo into a folder that you have isolated and preped for the project.

- Create Your Branch ```git checkout -b yourbranchname```

- Make sure that you pull before pushing ```git pull origin main or git pull``` 

- Add your files ```git add ./filepathhere``` 

- Commit Meaningful Messages ```git commit -m "your commit message here please be specific about what you did"``` 

- Push your changes to the repo ```git push``` 

## Merging after Pushing

- Your going to want to switch branches ```git checkout main``` this will take you to the main branch where the repo has been cloned 
- After switching to main ****** Very Important ****** ```git pull``` Always pull before attempting to add commit and push.` 

- Then merge your changes ```git merge yourbranchname```.

- If you get an error reach out to me and I will help you trouble shoot it!

Commit message:

how to start readme update

README.md, after:

# Fishing Charter Demo

![alt text](https://media2.giphy.com/media/qxatFjrUlx3H2/giphy.gif?cid=ecf05e47ydx8ad064oi4695t0pkzjycuyk16qbrfooee90xz&rid=giphy.gif&ct=g)

# How to start 

install dependencies 

- ```npm install```

start the dev server 

- ```npm run dev```

go to local host

- ```localhost:3000```

Technologies Used: React, Next, MongoDB, Express, GAv4, AWS

# Rules of The Road

Below You will Find the Rules of the Road

## Making a Branch


Clone this repo into a folder that you have isolated and preped for the project.

- Create Your Branch ```git checkout -b yourbranchname```

- Make sure that you pull before pushing ```git pull origin main or git pull``` 

- Add your files ```git add ./filepathhere``` 

- Commit Meaningful Messages ```git commit -m "your commit message here please be specific about what you did"``` 

- Push your changes to the repo ```git push``` 

## Merging after Pushing

- Your going to want to switch branches ```git checkout main``` this will take you to the main branch where the repo has been cloned 
- After switching to main ****** Very Important ****** ```git pull``` Always pull before attempting to add commit and push.` 

- Then merge your changes ```git merge yourbranchname```.

- If you get an error reach out to me and I will help you trouble shoot it!
